# CLAMS-paper
This repository hosts the scripts used for the CLAMS manuscript from Zeltser Lab.

"CC scripts to generate items for analysis" is the folder to generate the object used to compute statistics for the Cold Challenge (CC) Dataset.
"CC stats" is the folder with the scripts to compute the statistics used in the manuscipt. These scripts will use the objects generated by the script in the folder mentioned above, so it is important to run the the scripts in "CC scripts to generate items for analysis" before proceeding with the statistic. Each script is a specific analysis reported both in the paper and in the Supplementary Materials with analogous reference ID (e.g.: 1A.R is the script to generate the results reported in Supplementary Material 1A).

"HFD scripts to generate items for analysis" is the folder to generate the object used to compute statistics for the High Fat Diet (HFD) Dataset.
"HFD stats" is the folder with the scripts to compute the statistics used in the manuscipt. Analogously to the CC scripts, you need to run the "HFD scripts to generate items for analysis" before running the statistical tests.

The original files for the analysis (the actual data) are not present in this repository. The data will be made available on demand upon publication of the manuscript.


All the code here presented has been written by me, Daniele Neri, during my doctorate at Columbia University.
For any questions about the code and the statistical analysis, please do not hesitate to contact me at dn2442@cumc.columbia.edu.
For any question about the original data and the manuscript, please contact Lori Zeltser, PhD at lz146@cumc.columbia.edu.
